in the beginning was the word and the
Word was with God and the Word was God
and the word became flesh and dwelt
among us wait what was that no Jesus
came for all of us not just that us
right for we are all sinners and we all
fall short separated from God we are all
hopeless and dead in our sin but we know
that the people we used to be were
nailed to the cross with Jesus and
through his sacrifice those who believe
are no longer slaves to sin our job as
the church is to spread this good news
after all Jesus said you will be my
witnesses in Jerusalem Judea Samaria and
to the ends of the earth but the grim
reality is the two thousand years later
two and a half billion people nearly a
third of the earth have never heard of
the name of Jesus and never will unless
we go and tell them God's Word says that
in the end people from every nation
tribe and language will worship at his
throne out of nearly 7,000 languages
spoken in the world today 2,200 have no
scriptures not a paragraph not a
sentence not even a word Pioneer Bible
Translators believe that the translated
Word of God in the heart languages of
people has the power to transform lives
and impact communities but it's not
enough just to translate Bibles the work
is not finished until there are networks
of churches growing multiplying and
using God's Word our focus is within the
remaining 900 language groups with no
scripture and no church these people are
living in extreme spiritual poverty our
goal is to cross every language barrier
with both Scripture and Church to see
life transformation among these
forgotten people all Christians are
commanded to make disciples of all
nations Pioneer Bible Translators exists
to disciple the Bible is mobilizing
God's people to provide enduring access
to God's Word
you can join us in this enormous task by
praying giving or going pray daily for
the Bible as people's to be reached ask
God to send more workers to our team
give your financial resources to the
work God is doing go serve with us as a
full-time missionary or volunteer we
need Bible Translators church planters
literacy workers and community
development specialists recruiters to
mobilize the next generation of workers
dedicated support personnel like IT
media and finance professionals and many
others working together we can take the
Word of God to the ends of the earth our
vision is to see transform lives through
God's Word in every language the task is
great you have a role to play answer the
call